[music]
put
[laugh]
[music]
such
issimo my friend is
work
don't get tired
postman pet and here's a piece of shit
new toy bucket dream I'm not going anywhere
enough to hip before meeting dreaming
rid of it he has a fag
electricity is probably not due to thunderstorms
I fear there will be no tea
[music]
You know that there is a better idea.
yasuko
what is it here with us
mr green will stay with me
appeared guy yes not strlen
go fuck it looks like a problem for
captain for
[music]
what are you doing all this garbage here
fuck you say bitch thanks for being alive
no kiba slammed you
and that no longer fit into our affairs
bitch he really ohuel Jam I already
finally
I arrived at the two bastards here is garbage